Corrections to flash driver documentation (#2186)
nanoframework/nf-interpreter: targets/ChibiOS/_nf-overlay/stm32-internal-flash-driver.md

This driver enables **nanoFramework** to access the internal flash for STM32 parts taking care of the low level details and implementation specifics.

In order to enable/use it the developer has to set HAL_NF_USE_STM32_FLASH to TRUE on the halconf_nf.h provided in the reference implementations.

> There are currently two versions of the driver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following versions of the driver are available:
```
